Optimize deploy multiple operator (#1511)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-multiple-tidb-operator.md

    </details>

    By comparing the logs of the two sets of TiDB Operator, you can confirm that the first TiDB Operator only manages the `tidb-cluster-1/basic1` cluster, and the second TiDB Operator only manages the `tidb-cluster-2/basic2` cluster.

If you want to deploy a third or more sets of TiDB Operator, repeat step 3, step 4, and step 5.

## Related parameters

> To support deploying multiple sets of TiDB Operator, the following parameters are added to the `values.yaml` file in the `tidb-operator` chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `values.yaml` file in the `tidb-operator` chart, the following parameters are related to the deployment of multiple sets of TiDB Operator:
```
